Hannah Weber
Problem Set #3
Due: Sept 16 @ 11:59pm

Monday - 
#1: The script creates a picture of a cat. Screenshot included in repository

#2: 
To download the package I used the command "pip install Delorean"

After launching Python and following the commands it prints "Delorean(datetime=datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 10, 16, 41, 0, 643434), timezone='US/Eastern')"

#3: wget http://www.colorado.edu
File saved in repository.

#4: grep -n Colorado index.html.1
I think "Coloado" appeared in 17 lines on the site.

#5: (https://askubuntu.com/questions/420981/how-do-i-save-terminal-output-to-a-file)
grep -n  Colorado index.html.1 > search_results.html
File saved in repository.

Wednesday - 
Dataset options:
#1: Data of kids who attend group classes at the gym. Includes GPA, what classes they are, how often they go, and what is their favorite part of the classes.
#2: Data of kids who do their own individual workouts at the gym. Includes GPA, what kind of exercises they do, how often they go, and what is their favorite part of working out.
#3: Data of kids who don't go to the gym. Includes GPA, what they do outside of class, what are their hobbies, why they don't go to the gym. 

CoNVO method:

Context: How do we convince kids that an active lifestyle and regular gym use has a positive relationship with academic success?

Needs:
    - Does a student's activity level have any correlation to their GPA?
    - Is there a significant difference between the GPA of students who go to the gym vs those that do not?
    - Is there a correlation between the different uses of the gym and student GPA?
    - Is there a correlation between a student's favorite part of the gym and GPA?
    
Vision: 
    - Create an argument sketch so that you know what you need to say in order to gain the trust of the administration, students, gym staff, and other people who may be skeptical of the claim that regular attendence at the gym ends up helping students have success at school and maintain a higher GPA.
    - Scenario development with a case study that shows how a student switching over to an active lifestyle has positively impacted their classroom performance.
    - Brief prose about how certain group classes have helped the people that regularly attend them have higher GPAs. 

Outcome: To find a connection between active students and regular gym use with success in the classroom. We can then advertise these findings to the students and ultimately help them to lead a more active lifestyle and to have more success in their education. This data can then be tracked regularly in order to find which programs help students succeed more, or if there are certain programs that help certain majors. 

Friday - 
Dataset #1: Titanic Dataset
Problem- The ship is famous for sinking in 1912 and killing 1,503 passengers on board.
Data Available - Some information about each passenger including name, sex, age, cabin, home destination, and whether they survived or not.
Methods - Descriptive statistics, graphing, and statistical modeling
Findings - Predictive analysis as to what the survivors of the wreck had in common as well as those that had died.
What would I do different?: I would collect data on the ship itself and compare the data of the ship to others that were built at the time to see if any of that could have predicted what was to come. 

Dataset #2: Arrhythmia Data Set 
Problem - There were patients experiencing cardio arrhythmia
Data Available - 279 attributes for 452 instances that contains information on age, sex, weight, heart rate, intrinsic deflections, and other medical data
Methods - Machine learning and other statistical testing
Findings - The goal is to use Machine Learning to distinguish between the presence and absence of cardiac arrhythmia and to classify it in one of the 16 groups
What would I do different?: I don't know much about the health field or this topic but I think that working with a dataset that has 279 attributes is way too many and I would probably reduce that down to a more usuable number to help the program run faster and smoother

Dataset #3: Social Structure of Facebook Networks Dataset
Problem - Little was known about Facebook Networks in 2005 and they wanted to learn more about how people were using the site to connect.
Data Available - Information on the user including gender, class year, major, high school, residence
Methods - Machine Learning to create clusters, assortativity coefficients, and regression models
Findings - They found a lot of interesting findings of how people connected through Facebook and what attributes of the user made them more likely to connect with other users. Two examples of findings given were "common high school is more important to the social organization of large institutions and that the importance of common major varies significantly between institutions"
What would I do different?: I would run this same test with today's Facebook users because the pool of users vary a lot more today and I wonder if the same findings from 13 years ago would hold up.